# Moving-Average-Crossover

Following the theme of VWAP and Engulfing, I wanted to keep things simple. This algo was designed to create a buy/sell signal whenever a fast-moving average crossed over its slow-moving counterpart. While the lengths of the moving averages are important for determining the magnitude of a trend and the number of buy/sell conditions, I was able to find success with a variety of lengths ([21, 90], [10, 30], ect..) In testing, I found a fast MA of 90 periods, and a slow MA of 200 periods to be a good pairing - with a downside of much less trades than shorter moving averages would yield. 

Results wise, this strategy was far more successful than the previous VWAP-Engulfing. Although far less trades, I found a win rate % of 56.25 on 32 trades (since 6/22/18) with a Profit Factor of 2.82. This strategy uses a trailing stop-loss which is calculated by getting 1% of the previous candles closing price. Instead of having a set value or price to take profits, I found that a trailing SL was far more effective and was more dynamic than a hard coded price. Additionally, I found using a % of the ATR (average true range) was a decent metric for a take profit since it takes into consideration the underlying volatility. 

I believe this strategy has much greater potential, and would be better if paired with some additonal criteria. Also, it is important to note that just because this worked over the past few years, it does not necessarily mean that it will work in the future. I have tinkered around some on shorter time-frames with additional criteria for signals and found a higher number of trades with a similar win rate, but a longer max drawdown period and a lesser Profit Factor. I will continue working on developing a higher-frequency moving average algorithm, and will hopefully upload my progress this Fall. 
